Let's move on to our next test.
So in this one, we're going to make sure that a error is returned if the ticket is already reserved.
So what does it mean to have reserved ticket?
Well, as you will recall, inside of our ticket model just a little bit ago, we put together that
is reserved function.
So we are saying that a ticket is reserved if there is already an order inside of our database that
has that ticket associated with it and the order has a status of created a waiting payment or complete.
So in order to do a little bit of setup for this test, we have to first create a ticket, save it to
the database, then create an order, save it to the database, and make sure that the order and the
ticket are associated with each other.
Then we'll finally make the request.
So a little bit of setup for this test to get started.
I will go up to the top of the file.
And import order.
From up to directories.
Models order.
And ticket.
Model's ticket.
Then down inside of our test.
We will first create a ticket.
And then save it to the database.
If we forget about the different properties that a ticket requires to create one, we always mouse over
the little error right there and TypeScript will tell us we have to provide a title and a price.
So we'll put in a title of concert and a price of 20.
Well, then go ahead and save this ticket.
So I'll do in a weight ticket.
Save.
Then after that.
We'll go ahead and create our order.
And when we create the order, we will make sure that we associate this ticket and put the order in
the correct state as well.
So we will add in order.
Is ordered up, built.
And once again, if we forget what we have to provide here, we can mess over and we have to provide
a user ID status expires that and ticket.
The ticket will be the ticket that we just created a moment ago.
So I will stick in ticket like so.
Next up, a user ID.
Nothing special about this.
We could just put in some random ID.
Then the status and the status of this order member is going to come off of our order status.
So we do have to make sure we also import order status at the top of the file.
So I'm going to go back up to the top.
I'm going to find where we import order and I'll get order status.
And for status we will enter order status dot.
Created.
And then finally very last property the expires at time so four expires at.
We'll put in a new date like so now if we put a new date right here, that implies that the ticket or
assuming the order is going to expire essentially instantly, but that doesn't really matter.
There's nothing inside of our reservation code right now or whether or not deciding a ticket is reserved.
That's going to take a look at the orders expires at property.
So we're not going to ever have our order service necessarily look at that expires that property to
decide if this thing is expired.
Instead, we're going to always rely upon the status flag right here to decide if the order is expired.
That might sound a little bit confusing or a little bit backwards, but it really comes down to how
we are going to implement a expiration service later on in the future.
The expiration service is going to be the thing in charge of marking an order as being expired.
Not the presence of this expires at flag.
I know.
A little bit confusing.
Don't sweat it.
We'll see why that is later on.
All right, so after we create the order, we'll then go ahead and save it to our database.
So order!
Save!
So now we can make our request and we should get back that status code of 400 saying sorry, but this
ticket's already been reserved.
So put in and await.
Request to EP.
We want to make a post to API orders.
We need to set that cookie, though.
Cookie Global sign in.
We will send along the idea of the ticket that we are trying to reserve.
So ticket ID is ticket ID.
And then finally, we will expect to get back a 400.
And that should be it.
So let's save this.
Flipped back over and looks like we are good to go.
Now, once again, I don't really know if that test is failing or passing erroneously.
So in this case I could very easily just change this.
Expect right here and say, Hey, we expect this to resolve with a 401.
If I save that flip back over.
No, we are definitely getting correctly.
400 bad request.
Okay.
So looks good.
All right, just one more test.
So quick pause right here.
And the last test will really be pretty straightforward.
It's really just going to be a request like this, and we're going to make sure that we get back some
kind of success status code.